Add debugging output section to TESTS.md and adjust formatting (#768)
exercism/bash: docs/TESTS.md

bats whatever.bats
```

> If you want to print debug output while running the tests locally, see [Debugging Locally](DEBUGGING_LOCALLY.md).

Reviewer: 1. the url would be

   ```suggestion
   If you want to print debug output while running the tests locally, see [Debugging Locally](/docs/tracks/bash/debugging).
   ```

2. edit docs/config.json to add a section for this doc

    ```json
    {
      "uuid": "${UUID}",
      "slug": "debugging",
      "path": "docs/DEBUGGING_LOCALLY.md",
      "title": "Debugging with `bats`",
      "blurb": "Debugging your Bash code while testing with bats."
    },

    ```

    generate a uuid with `bin/configlet uuid`

For help on the meaning of the various `assert*` commands in the tests, refer to the documentation for the [bats-assert][bats-assert] library.

## Debugging output

When running tests, `bats` captures both stdout and stderr for output assertions.
This means debug output printed with `echo` (stdout) or redirected to `>&2` (stderr) can cause tests to fail.

For debugging, print to file descriptor `3` instead.
`bats` reserves fd 3 for diagnostic output that is shown during test runs but not included in captured output.

Example:

```bash
#!/usr/bin/env bash

> printf '%(%T)T -- %s\n' -1 'a debugging statement' >&3

Reviewer: agreed. `exercises/shared/.docs/tests.md` uses echo.

echo "Hello, World!"
```

> 

Reviewer: You need to show the bats output.

Use this only when testing locally.

> The Exercism online editor does not support this style of debug output.

Reviewer: This needs to be more strongly emphasized

```suggestion
~~~~exercism/caution
Use this only when testing **locally**.
The Exercism online editor does not support this style of debug output.
~~~~
```

> 

Reviewer: Copilot, the `exercises/shared/.docs/tests.md` file is not visible to students. That file is used in the construction of the README.md file that is part of the `exercism download` process.

> 

Reviewer 2: Do we need both? I'd prefer not to duplicate large chunks of documentation.

> 

Reviewer: I think it's useful to have both. These changes are for https://exercism.org/docs/tracks/bash/tests (where there are lots of instructions for testing locally) and the other are for the `exercism download` READM file.

> 

Reviewer 2: Could we have one simply reference the other vs duplicating them?

> 

Reviewer: We should probably create docs/DEBUGGING_LOCALLY.md

Then docs/TESTS.md and the README can both link to it. We have to assume that people working locally have an internet connection.

@jooexploit can you rework this PR to make that happen?

> 

Author: I ve reworked the PR as requested: I added DEBUGGING_LOCALLY.md and updated TESTS.md and README.md to link to it instead of duplicating the debugging guidance. I m going to push the updated changes now
